ENS 492 – Graduation Project (Implementation)Progress Report IIProject Title: ……………..Group Members: ….Supervisor(s): …..Date:ENS 491 Progress Report must contain the following sections in relation to what was proposed in Project Proposal. Project advisor may have additional requirements for the report.You are required to write clearly and concisely.PROJECT SUMMARYProvide a brief but comprehensive summary of your project. The summary should include the following information:A brief description of the project.State the gap in the literature or the gap in the existing solutions. State your motivation.Recall and state the objectives and intended results of the project. While doing so remember that your capstone design project should adhere to realistic constraints and include following fundamental elements: objectives, criteria, synthesis, analysis, construction, testing and evaluation. SCIENTIFIC/TECHNICAL DEVELOPMENTS Explain in detail the scientific/technical developments so far and the goals achieved since the last report. Please adhere to the capstone design process phases which include conceptual design, preliminary design, design decision and detailed design. Please make sure that your progress report includes some conceptual designs and a preliminary design.If your project has commercialization potential, what kind of activities are carried out for this goal since the last report? (patent search, market search, etc.) Is there any Freedom-to-Use (FTU) issues?ENCOUNTERED PROBLEMSMention further changes, if any, in the project plan and goals, and causes of these changes. According to the progress so far, discuss if the original goals are still relevant.  What kind of corrective measures are taken to achieve successful completion?Explain in detail the progress of the project according to the project timetable.  Reasons for being behind the schedule, if that is the case.  What are the corrections planned to achieve original goals?Effects of the changes in project implementation.TASKS TO BE COMPLETED BEFORE FINAL REPORTPlease adhere to the capstone design process phases. Please provide a time table that clearly indicates the tasks to be completed before Final Report.REFERENCES
